howdy y'all welcome to pro trucks plus
calm this is justin bringing you a 2006
ford f150 this is a 4x4 package with a
super cab and a standard bed it's a
really straight truck it's got a bed
liner in it the bed under there is nice
and clean
you see that all the ribbing is in great
condition
straight truck all-around 5.4 liter v8
triton it's not the little motor it's
got fresh rubber all around it's got
four opening doors it's a super cat with
opening doors and this is new I haven't
seen this before actually and maybe it
will be you check that out I have never
seen that before
nice two tone cloth interior nice and
clean see we got power locks windows
mirrors headlamps their cruise control
fixings
it's an overdrive transmission it's got
a CD player and radio and AC that works
quite well and you got a manual transfer
click the manual transfer case as
opposed to the electronic on-the-fly one
this is a cool feature let's take first
spin oh wow oh my
what great power it has
I'll get on it
yeah five for training it's been used
for quite a few years now solid motor
the reason they haven't changed it sorry
for the glare we were heading west and
then we're heading home because it's
late today
the saw the front ends tight feels
really good no float travel wander
nothing strange breaks you're healthy it
wasn't pulling any one way or the other
while I was breaking it's a damn good
looking truck - yeah that's right
they're good-looking with a sweet bug
deflector especially forward factory bug
deflector
I think he's Oh No safety first people
all right we will now live
you know red console here with some
storage it's reading lights it's like
dual vanity mirrors cuz y'all know a
California boy like look real good on
time crazy even we will go to work you
got dual accessory outlets here smooth
the truck and it holds goings oh my god
what else could you ask for take a look
under the hood and color today let's
check this out - actually it's got a
7200 pounds GVWR which is respectable
for a half-ton pickup
there it is yeah
clean water my goodness
the funky leaks or anything like that
oh good the hood and these guys are free
I'm probably not supposed to show you
that turns you off to the truck whatever
it's a truck okay we're located in
Livermore California we specialized in
pickup trucks it's what we do people and
it explains the name as well I mean it's
kind of straightforward if you're
interested in this or any of other our
other rigs be sure to give us a call at
nine two five four four nine four seven
four seven I'm really lucky I didn't
trip over that curve as I usually do and
like probably like 20% of the videos
which isn't usual but it's plenty for me
you know I don't need to do it all that
often but be sure to call make an
appointment so we can have it out here
for you to check out and have your
finances in order as we do not offer
high rate dealer financing so thanks for
everything in order and thanks for
hanging out